[HPR-817] command/validate: add option to eval datasources (#12106)
hashicorp/packer: website/content/docs/commands/build.mdx

  multiple times. This is useful for setting version numbers for your build.

- `-var-file` - Set template variables from a file.

> - `-warn-on-undeclared-var` - Warn when the template assigns undeclared
>   variables. This is especially relevant for HCL2 templates with .pkrvars.hcl
>   dependencies, as defining a value for a variable is not enough on its own for
>   Packer to function, there also needs to be some variable definitions in the
>   template. However, for some cases, templates may only declare what they locally
>   need for building, and reference a global variable file with more variable
>   assignations than there are definitions. This would yield a warning for each
>   assigned and non-declared variable. This option will enable those warnings.

Reviewer: Small copy change. What do you think?
```suggestion
- `-warn-on-undeclared-var` - Setting this flag will yield a warning for each assignment within a variable definitions file (*.pkrvars.hcl | *.pkrvars.json) that does not have an accompanying variable block. This can occur when using a var-file that contains a large amount of unused variables for a given HCL2 template. For HCL2 template builds defining a value for a variable in a var-file is not enough on its own for Packer to function, as there also needs to be a variable block definition in the template files `pkr.hcl` for the variable. By default `packer build` will not warn when a var-file contains one or more undeclared variables. 
```
